# **X-Chain Wallet Terms of Service**

Last Updated: TODO TODO, 2026

These Terms of Service (“Terms”) constitute a legally binding contract made between you and Algorand Foundation US, Inc. (“Foundation,” “we,” or “us”) that governs your access to and use of the X-Chain Wallet decentralized application available at \[\_\_\_\_\_\_\].com (the “X-Chain Wallet”) and the features, content, tools and functionality available through use of X-Chain Wallet (collectively, the “Services”). By using the Services in any way, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not accept the terms and conditions of these Terms, you are not permitted to access or otherwise use the Services.

BEFORE WE INCLUDE ANY OTHER DETAILS, WE WANT TO GIVE YOU NOTICE OF SOMETHING UP FRONT: BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, YOU AND WE AGREE TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES WE MAY HAVE WITH EACH OTHER VIA BINDING ARBITRATION OR IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT (INSTEAD OF A COURT OF GENERAL JURISDICTION), AND YOU AGREE TO DO SO AS AN INDIVIDUAL (INSTEAD OF, FOR EXAMPLE, AS A REPRESENTATIVE OR MEMBER OF A CLASS IN A CLASS ACTION). TO THE EXTENT THAT THE LAW ALLOWS, YOU ALSO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. FOR MORE INFORMATION, SEE APPENDIX 1: WALLET TERMS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT (THE “ARBITRATION AGREEMENT”) , WHICH IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THESE TERMS, AND SECTION 24 (DISPUTE RESOLUTION, ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, CLASS ACTION WAIVER, AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER) BELOW.

**1\. Description of X-Chain Wallet Services**

The Services provide an interface that allow users to discover, track and interact with data generated by compatible third-party blockchain applications. To use the Services, users must connect one or more compatible cryptocurrency wallets (“Wallet”). We do not make any representations or warranties regarding any such data generated by compatible third-party blockchain applications that is displayed on the Services, including, but not limited to, the accuracy, reliability or completeness of such data that may be due to delays, inconsistencies, or incomplete data across different blockchain networks or third-party services.

WE ARE NOT A BROKER, FINANCIAL INSTITUTION OR INTERMEDIARY AND ARE IN NO WAY YOUR AGENT, ADVISOR, OR CUSTODIAN. X-CHAIN WALLET IS A NON-CUSTODIAL PLATFORM. THE SERVICES DO NOT CUSTODY, AND DO NOT AND CANNOT TRANSFER, ANY OF YOUR CRYPTOCURRENCY OR DIGITAL ASSETS. WE HAVE NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP OR OBLIGATION TO YOU REGARDING ANY DECISIONS OR ACTIVITIES THAT YOU EFFECT IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES.

THE SERVICES MERELY PROVIDE AN INTERFACE TO ACCESS AND INTERACT WITH THE SMART CONTRACTS THAT ARE DEPLOYED ON OR BY THIRD-PARTY BLOCKCHAIN APPLICATIONS (“THIRD PARTY APPS”). THE SERVICES DO NOT INCLUDE (AND WE DO NOT CONTROL) THE THIRD PARTY APPS. WHILE YOU MAY INITIATE TRANSACTIONS ON THE INTERFACE PROVIDED BY THE SERVICES; ALL SUCH TRANSACTIONS ARE EFFECTUATED BY THIRD PARTY APPS  AND YOUR WALLET OR OTHER THIRD-PARTY DIGITAL WALLET EXTENSIONS INCLUDING ANY ROUTING, BRIDGING, OR CROSS-CHAIN FUNCTIONALITY. WE ARE NOT A PARTY TO ANY TRANSACTIONS THAT MAY BE INITIATED ON THE SERVICES. YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE USING THE SERVICES AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT BY USING OUR SERVICES YOU AGREE THAT SUCH TRANSACTIONS ARE GOVERNED BY THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE APPLICABLE THIRD PARTY APPS.

The Foundation does not control what Third Party Apps may be accessed through your use of X-Chain Wallet or the activity of such Third Party Apps, and the Foundation does not take possession, custody, or control over any virtual currency or other digital assets within your Wallet(s).

**2\. Who May Use the Services**

You may only use the Services if you are legally capable of forming a binding contract with the Foundation in your respective jurisdiction which may require your parents consent if you’re not the legal age of majority (which in many jurisdictions is 18), and not barred from using the Services under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction. If you are using the Services on behalf of an entity or other organization, you agree to these Terms for that entity or organization and represent to the Foundation that you have the authority to bind that entity or organization to these Terms.

**3\. Rights We Grant You; Rights You Grant**

As between you and us, the Foundation is the owner of the Services, including all related intellectual property rights and proprietary content, information, material, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, trademarks, and the Foundation logo, the Foundation name, and any other Foundation marks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, video, music, and the “look and feel” of the Services. We hereby permit you to use and access the Services, provided that you comply with these Terms. If any software, content or other materials owned or controlled by us are distributed to you as part of your use of the Services, we hereby grant you a non-sublicensable, non-transferable, and non-exclusive right and license to execute, access and display such software, content and materials provided to you as part of the Services, in each case for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Services as permitted by these Terms.

**4\. Accessing the Services**

To access the Services, you must connect one or more compatible Wallets. Your relationship with any given Wallet provider is governed by the applicable terms of that Wallet provider, not these Terms. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any private key controlled by your Wallet and are fully responsible for any and all messages or conduct signed with your private key. We accept no responsibility or liability to you in connection with your use of a Wallet, and make no representations and warranties regarding how the Services will operate or be compatible with any specific Wallet. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to prohibit certain Wallet addresses from being able to use the Services.

You represent that you are not a person barred from using the Services under the laws of the United States, your place of residence or any other applicable jurisdiction. You are responsible for all activities that occur, including all actions you take, during your use of the Services. You agree that you shall monitor your use of the Services to restrict use by minors, and you will accept full responsibility for any unauthorized use of the Services by minors.

**5\. Acceptable Use**

You agree that you will not use the Services in any manner or for any purpose other than as expressly permitted by these Terms. That means, among other things, you will not use the Services to do or encourage any of the following:

* Infringe or violate the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else (including the Foundation) or attempt to decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer the Services;
* Violate any applicable law or regulation, including without limitation, any applicable anti-money laundering laws, anti-terrorism laws, export control laws, end user restrictions, privacy laws or economic sanctions laws/regulations, including those administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control;
* Use the Service in a way that is dangerous, harmful, fraudulent, misleading, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
* Violate, compromise, or interfere with the security, integrity, or availability of any computer, network, or technology associated with the Services, including using the Services in a manner that constitutes excessive or abusive usage, attempts to disrupt, attack, or interfere with other users, or otherwise impacts the stability of the Services.
* Use any of the Foundation brands, logos, or trademarks (or any brands, logos, or trademarks that are  confusingly similar) without our express prior written approval, which we may withhold at our discretion for any reason.
* Manipulate any market, including by bidding on an auction (or making a purchase) with the intention of artificially increasing the price or creating the appearance of market interest or market activity, or otherwise engaging in misleading transactions, like selling digital assets to yourself to establish a misleading price.

**6\. Release and Assumption of Risk**

By using the Services, you represent that you understand there are risks inherent in using cryptographic and public blockchain-based systems, including, but not limited, to the Services and digital assets. You expressly agree that you assume all risks in connection with your access and use of the Services, including your use of the Services to obtain and transact with digital assets. That means, among other things, you understand and acknowledge that:

* If you lose your Wallet seed phrase, private keys, or password, you might permanently be unable to access your digital assets. You bear sole responsibility for safeguarding and ensuring the security of your Wallet.
* We cannot control how third-party exchange platforms quote or value cryptocurrencies and other digital assets and we expressly deny and disclaim any liability to you for any losses you may incur as a result of fluctuations in the value of cryptocurrencies or other digital assets.
* Smart contracts generally execute automatically when certain conditions are met. We do not have the ability to reverse a transaction that is recorded on a public blockchain. You are responsible for ensuring that any details you enter in connection with a transaction using any smart contracts are accurate and complete. Further, since smart contracts typically cannot be stopped or reversed, vulnerabilities in their programming and design or other vulnerabilities that may arise due to hacking or other security incidents can have adverse effects to digital assets, including but not limited to significant volatility and risk of loss.
* Certain transactions initiated through the Services may involve interactions across multiple blockchain networks and third-party protocols (including cross-chain or bridging services). Such transactions may be subject to delays, failures, partial completion, or loss of assets due to network conditions, third-party errors, or smart contract vulnerabilities. The Foundation does not control or guarantee the performance or outcome of any such cross-chain transactions.

You further expressly waive and release the Foundation, its parents, affiliates, related companies, their officers, directors, members, employees, consultants, representatives, agents, partners, licensors, and each of their respective successors and assigns (collectively, the “Foundation Entities”) from any and all liability, claims, causes of action, or damages arising from or in any way related to your use of the Services. Also, to the extent applicable, you shall and hereby do waive the benefits and protections of California Civil Code § 1542, which provides: “\[a\] general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.”

**7\. Feedback**

Any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, reviews, or other information about the Services, provided by you to the Foundation, are non-confidential and the Foundation will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment, attribution, obligation, or compensation to you.

**8\. Privacy**

For more information regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of personal data and certain other data, please see our Privacy Policy.   The processing of personal data by the Foundation as a processor will be subject to any data processing agreement that you enter into with the Foundation.

**9\. Third-Party Services**

The Services may provide access to services, sites, technology, applications, content, data, information, protocols,  and resources that are provided or otherwise made available by third parties (“Third-Party Services”), including Third Party Apps. Such  access and/or presentation does not constitute a recommendation, endorsement, or guarantee by the Foundation, and you are solely responsible for evaluating and selecting any third-party services you choose to use. Your access and use of Third-Party Services may also be subject to additional terms and conditions, privacy policies, or other agreements with such third parties. The Foundation has no control over and is not responsible for such Third-Party Services, including for the accuracy, availability, reliability, or completeness of information or content shared by or available through Third-Party Services, or on the privacy practices of Third-Party Services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of Third-Party Services prior to using such services. You, and not the Foundation, will be responsible for any and all costs and charges associated with your use of any Third-Party Services. The integration, inclusion or display of such Third-Party Services does not imply our endorsement or recommendation. Any dealings you have with or through Third Party Services — including if a Third-Party Service may have infringed your intellectual property rights — are between you and the applicable third party, not us. The Foundation will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any Third-Party Services.

**10\. Additional Services**

We or our affiliates may offer additional services that interact with X-Chain Wallets, which may require you to agree to additional terms. If, while using an additional service, there is a conflict between these Terms and the additional terms covering that service, the additional terms will prevail.

**11\. Indemnification**

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, you will indemnify and hold the Foundation Entities harmless from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in any way connected with (a) your access to or use of the Services, (b) your violation of these Terms, or (c) your negligence or willful misconduct. If you are obligated to indemnify any Foundation Entity hereunder, then you agree that the Foundation (or, at its discretion, the applicable the Foundation Entity) will have the right, in its sole discretion, to control any action or proceeding and to determine whether the Foundation wishes to settle, and if so, on what terms, and you agree to fully cooperate with the Foundation in the defense or settlement of such claim.

**12\. Warranty Disclaimers**

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE FOUNDATION SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE FOUNDATION ENTITIES DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT (I) ACCESS TO THE SERVICES WILL BE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED, OR TIMELY; (II) THE SERVICES WILL BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR OTHER SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY WALLETS; (III) THE SERVICES WILL BE SECURE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE, OR ERROR-FREE; (IV) THE SERVICES WILL PREVENT ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR THE DELETION, DESTRUCTION, DAMAGE, LOSS OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY OF YOUR CONTENT OR OTHER DATA; OR (V) THE SERVICES WILL PROTECT YOUR ASSETS FROM THEFT, HACKING, CYBER ATTACK, OR OTHER FORM OF LOSS OR DEVALUATION CAUSED BY THIRD-PARTY CONDUCT.

**13\. Limitation of Liability**

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER THE FOUNDATION  ENTITIES NOR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOST SAVINGS, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT,  OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES , WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE the Foundation  ENTITIES OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE FOUNDATION  ENTITIES’ TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES   EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID OR ARE PAYABLE BY YOU TO THE  FOUNDATION  ENTITIES FOR USE OF THE SERVICES OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100), WHICHEVER IS HIGHER.

THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE FOUNDATION  AND YOU.

IF ANY PORTION OF THESE SECTIONS IS HELD TO BE INVALID UNDER THE LAWS OF YOUR STATE OF RESIDENCE, THE INVALIDITY OF SUCH PORTION WILL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OF THE REMAINING PORTIONS OF THE APPLICABLE SECTIONS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

**14\. Changes to Terms**

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms at any time and your continued use of the Services after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. You should periodically visit this page to review the current Terms so you are aware of any revisions. If you do not agree to abide by these or any future Terms, you are not permitted to access, browse, or use (or continue to access, browse, or use) the Services.

**15\. Notice**

Any notices or other communications provided by us under these Terms, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be posted online, in the Services, or through other electronic communication. You agree and consent to receive electronically all communications, agreements, documents, notices and disclosures that we provide in connection with your use of the Services.

**16\. Entire Agreement**

These Terms and any other documents incorporated by reference comprise the entire understanding and agreement between you and the Foundation as to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any kind (including without limitation any prior versions of these Terms), between you and the Foundation. Section headings in these Terms are for convenience only and shall not govern the meaning or interpretation of any provision of these Terms.

**17\. Assignment**

We reserve the right to assign our rights without restriction, including without limitation to any Foundation affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services. In the event that the Foundation is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. You may not assign any rights and/or licenses granted under these Terms. Any attempted transfer or assignment by you in violation hereof shall be null and void. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and insure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

**18\. Severability**

If any provision of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable under any rule, law, or regulation of any local, state, or federal government agency, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of the provision to the greatest extent possible under any applicable law and the validity or enforceability of any other provision of these Terms shall not be affected.

**19\. Termination; Survival**

We may suspend or terminate your access to and use of the Services at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you. Upon any termination, discontinuation or cancellation of the Services, the following Sections 6 – 25 will survive.

**20\. Governing Law**

You agree that the laws of the State of California and the United States will govern these Terms and any Dispute, without regard to principles of conflict of laws.

**21\. Force Majeure**

We shall not be liable for delays, failure in performance or interruption of service which result directly or indirectly from any cause or condition beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to, significant market volatility, act of God, act of civil or military authorities, act of terrorists, civil disturbance, war, strike or other labor dispute, fire, interruption in telecommunications or Internet services or network provider services, failure of equipment and/or software, pandemic, other catastrophe or any other occurrence which is beyond our reasonable control and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

**22\. Non-Waiver of Rights**

These Terms shall not be construed to waive rights that cannot be waived under applicable laws, including applicable  state money transmission laws in the state where you are located. In addition, our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance by you of any provision of these Terms or to exercise any right under these Terms will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of our right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in that or any other instance.

**23\. Relationship of the Parties**

Your use of the Services does not create any partnership, joint venture, agency, or fiduciary relationship between you and the Foundation or otherwise authorize you to act as agent of the Foundation. You act solely on your own behalf when using the Services.

**24\. Dispute Resolution, Arbitration Agreement, Class Action Waiver, And Jury Trial Waiver**

If you have a dispute with us, you agree to first contact Support via our Customer Support page at (\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_).  If Support is unable to resolve your dispute, you agree to send a written complaint to [legal@algorand.foundation](mailto:legal@algorand.foundation) (“Formal Complaint Process”). Please include as much information as possible in describing your complaint, how you would like us to resolve the complaint, and any other relevant information to us. The Formal Complaint Process is completed when the Foundation responds to your complaint or 45 business days after the date we receive your complaint, whichever occurs first. You agree to complete the Formal Complaint Process before filing an arbitration demand or action in small claims court.

### **Disputes with Users Who Reside in the United States or Canada**

If you reside in the United States or Canada, and if you have a dispute with us or if we have a dispute with you, the dispute shall be resolved through binding arbitration or in small claims court pursuant to the Arbitration Agreement.

As an illustration only, the following is a summary of some of the terms of the Arbitration Agreement:

* Disputes will be resolved individually (in other words, you are waiving your right to proceed against the Foundation in a class action). However, if you or we bring a coordinated group of arbitration demands with other claimants, you and we agree that the American Arbitration Association (AAA) must batch your or our arbitration demand with up to 100 other claimants to increase the efficiency and resolution of such claims.
* Certain disputes must be decided before a court, including (1) any claim that the class action waiver is unenforceable, (2) any dispute about the payment of arbitration fees, (3) any dispute about whether you have completed the prerequisites to arbitration (such as exhausting the support and Formal Complaint Process), and (4) any dispute about which version of the Arbitration Agreement applies.
* In the event that a dispute is filed with a court that does not fall into one of the above four categories, either you or the Foundation may move to compel the court to order arbitration. If the court issues an order compelling arbitration, the prevailing party on the motion to compel may recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.

### **Disputes with Users Who Reside Outside the United States and Canada**

If you do not reside in the United States or Canada, the Arbitration Agreement in Appendix 1 does not apply to you and you may resolve any claim you have with us relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with our Terms, us, or our Services in a court of competent jurisdiction.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

### **APPENDIX 1: X-CHAIN WALLET TERMS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT**

### **1\. Applicability of Arbitration Agreement**

Subject to the terms of this X-Chain Wallet Terms of Service Arbitration Agreement (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time, the “Arbitration Agreement”), you and the Foundation agree that any dispute, claim, or disagreement arising out of or relating in any way to your access to or use of the Services, or the X-Chain Wallet Terms of Service available at \[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\] (the “X-Chain Wallet ToS”) and prior versions of the X-Chain Wallet ToS, including claims and disputes that arose between us before the effective date of the X-Chain Wallet ToS (each, a “Dispute”) will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that: (1) you and the Foundation may assert claims or seek relief in small claims court if such claims qualify and remain in small claims court; and (2) you or the Foundation may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents). For purposes of this Arbitration Agreement, “Dispute” will also include disputes that arose or involve facts occurring before the existence of this or any prior versions of the X-Chain Wallet ToS as well as claims that may arise after the termination of the X-Chain Wallet ToS. Any capitalized term used herein without definition shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the X-Chain Wallet ToS.

### **2\. Waiver of Jury Trial**

YOU AND THE FOUNDATION HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and the Foundation are instead electing that all Disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in the section entitled “Applicability of Arbitration Agreement” above. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review.

### **3\. Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief**

YOU AND THE FOUNDATION AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 8, EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, AND THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BE BROUGHT, HEARD, ADMINISTERED, RESOLVED, OR ARBITRATED ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE, OR MASS ACTION BASIS. ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND DISPUTES OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. Subject to this Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the party's individual claim. Nothing in this paragraph is intended to, nor shall it, affect the terms and conditions under Section 8 entitled “Batch Arbitration.” Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Arbitration Agreement, if a court decides by means of a final decision, not subject to any further appeal or recourse, that the limitations of this section, “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief,” are invalid or unenforceable as to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), you and the Foundation agree that that particular claim or request for relief (and only that particular claim or request for relief) shall be severed from the arbitration and may be litigated in the state or federal courts located in the State of California. All other Disputes that are not severed shall be litigated in small claims court or arbitrated. This section does not prevent you or the Foundation from participating in a class-wide settlement of claims.

### **4\. Rules and Forum**

The X-Chain Wallet ToS evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce; and notwithstanding any other provision herein with respect to the applicable substantive law, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq., will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement and any arbitration proceedings. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") then in effect, except as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. The AAA Rules are currently available at [https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/Consumer%20Rules.pdf](https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/Consumer%20Rules.pdf) .

A party who wishes to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a request for arbitration (the “Request ”). If you initiate the arbitration, you must provide the Foundation a copy of your Request by email at [legal@algorand.foundation](mailto:legal@algorand.foundation) or through the Foundation’s registered agent for service of process. The Request must include: (1) the name, telephone number, mailing address, email address of the party seeking arbitration, and the username and wallet addresses (if any) associated with the applicable Account(s); (2) a statement of the legal claims being asserted and the factual bases of those claims; (3) a description of the remedy sought, including an accurate, good faith calculation of the amount in controversy in United States Dollars; (4) if you are the party making the Request, a statement certifying completion of the Formal Complaint Process as described in the X-Chain Wallet ToS or your basis for not completing the Formal Complaint Process; and (5) evidence that the requesting party has paid any necessary filing fees in connection with such arbitration.

If the party requesting arbitration is represented by counsel, the Request shall also include counsel’s name, telephone number, mailing address, and email address. Such counsel must also sign the Request. By signing the Request, counsel certifies to the best of counsel’s knowledge, information, and belief, formed after an inquiry reasonable under the circumstances, that: (1) the Request is not being presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of dispute resolution; (2) the claims, defenses and other legal contentions are warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law or for establishing new law; and (3) the factual and damages contentions have evidentiary support or, if specifically so identified, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further investigation or discovery.

Unless you and the Foundation otherwise agree, or the Batch Arbitration process discussed in Section 8 is triggered, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator may direct a limited and reasonable exchange of information between the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration. If the AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. Your responsibility to pay any AAA fees and costs will be solely as set forth in the applicable AAA Rules.

You and the Foundation agree that all materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings shall be kept confidential and shall not be shared with anyone except the parties’ attorneys, accountants, or business advisors, and then subject to the condition that they agree to keep all materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings confidential.

### **5\. Arbitrator**

The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law in the state of California and will be selected by the parties from the AAA's roster of consumer dispute arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within thirty-five (35) business days of delivery of the Request, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules, provided that if the Batch Arbitration process under Section 8 is triggered, the AAA will appoint the arbitrator for each batch.

### **6\. Authority of Arbitrator**

The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any Dispute, including, without limitation, disputes arising out of or related to the interpretation or application of the Arbitration Agreement, including the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Agreement or any portion of the Arbitration Agreement, except for the following: (1) all Disputes arising out of or relating to the section entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief,” including any claim that all or part of the section entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief” is unenforceable, illegal, void or voidable, or that such Section entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief” has been breached, shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (2) except as expressly contemplated in the section entitled “Batch Arbitration,” all Disputes about the payment of arbitration fees shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (3) all Disputes about whether either party has satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; and (4) all Disputes about which version of the Arbitration Agreement applies shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties, except as expressly provided in the section entitled “Batch Arbitration.” The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any Dispute. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. In any award of damages, the arbitrator shall abide by the “Limitation of Liability” section of the Terms.

### **7\. Attorneys’ Fees and Costs**

The parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the Dispute or the relief sought in the Request was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). If you or the Foundation need to invoke the authority of a court of competent jurisdiction to compel arbitration, then the party that obtains an order compelling arbitration in such action shall have the right to collect from the other party its reasonable costs, necessary disbursements, and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in securing an order compelling arbitration. The prevailing party in any court action relating to whether either party has satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration is entitled to recover their reasonable costs, necessary disbursements, and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.

### **8\. Batch Arbitration**

To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution of arbitrations, you and the Foundation agree that in the event that there are one hundred (100) or more individual Requests of a substantially similar nature filed against the Foundation by or with the assistance of the same law firm, group of law firms, or organizations, within a thirty (30) day period (or as soon as possible thereafter), the AAA shall (1) administer the arbitration demands in batches of 100 Requests per batch (plus, to the extent there are less than 100 Requests left over after the batching described above, a final batch consisting of the remaining Requests); (2) appoint one arbitrator for each batch; and (3) provide for the resolution of each batch as a single consolidated arbitration with one set of filing and administrative fees due per side per batch, one procedural calendar, one hearing (if any) in a place to be determined by the arbitrator, and one final award (“ Batch Arbitration ”).

All parties agree that Requests are of a “substantially similar nature” if they arise out of or relate to the same event or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issues and seek the same or similar relief. To the extent the parties disagree on the application of the Batch Arbitration process, the disagreeing party shall advise the AAA, and the AAA shall appoint a sole standing arbitrator to determine the applicability of the Batch Arbitration process (“ Administrative Arbitrator ”). In an effort to expedite resolution of any such dispute by the Administrative Arbitrator, the parties agree the Administrative Arbitrator may set forth such procedures as are necessary to resolve any disputes promptly. The Administrative Arbitrator’s fees shall be paid by the Foundation.

You and the Foundation agree to cooperate in good faith with the AAA to implement the Batch Arbitration process including the payment of single filing and administrative fees for batches of Requests, as well as any steps to minimize the time and costs of arbitration, which may include: (1) the appointment of a discovery special master to assist the arbitrator in the resolution of discovery disputes; and (2) the adoption of an expedited calendar of the arbitration proceedings.

This Batch Arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing a class, collective and/or mass arbitration or action of any kind, or arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims under any circumstances, except as expressly set forth in this provision.

### **9\. Modification**

If we make any updates to the Arbitration Agreement, we will make the updated terms available to you by publishing them on the Site. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services, including the acceptance of products and services offered on the Site following the posting of changes to this Arbitration Agreement constitutes your acceptance of any such changes.

### **10\. Severability**

If any provision of this Arbitration Agreement shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable under any rule, law, or regulation of any local, state, or federal government agency, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of the provision to the greatest extent possible under any applicable law and the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Arbitration Agreement shall not be affected.

